1. What is your understanding of Blockchain?

Answer : Blockchain is a form of recording transactions in a secure way in a public or private mode without the intervention of governing authority. It is a digital ledger of transactions encrypted
and distrubuted accross the computer systems in the network. One of the applications of Blockchain is Bitcoin, Eherium etc. In simple words, it can be explained as a data structure that holds the
transaction records while ensuring security, transparency and decentralization.  

2. What is the core problem Block chain trying to solve?

Answer : Blockchain solves data loss, data corruption, transparency / trust issues which can arise due to hardware or connection issuesby making the ledger public. In simple words, the transactions carried 
out by the users are flooded to the network so that all the nodes records the transactions by every user. 

3. What are the few features Block chain will give you?

Answer : Transparency, Immutability, verifiable data, highly secure network.

4. What all things does a block contain?

Answer : A Block number, transaction records, Hash or signature of the previous block, mining key. In addition, the transactions are formed as per Merkel Tree, a target value or nounce.

5. How is the verifiability of Block chain has been attained ?

Answer : Verifiability is achieved by using the digital signature, comparing Hash. For Example,  The transactions are added to the blockchain network when A performs or send some information to B.
The transaction are flooded to the network and all the nodes record the transactions between A and B. For a node to build or mine a Block, the hash of the previous block is verified. Since hashing is
a one way method of encrypting data, hashing concept protects the transaction data even if a malicious user tries to intercept the network. Even, if a transaction is intercepted, the copies of the transaction
stored in the other nodes does not accept the change as per the consensus achieved in the network.